# CS-230
# Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
The Gaming Room is a gaming studio that is currently wanting to develop their Android game, Draw It or Lose It, into a website based game that can be used in a variety of operating platforms. The software requirements that The Gaming Room has proposed are the following:
- The game must have the ability to have one team or more
- Multiple players can be assigned to one team
- The game and team names must be unique
- Only one instance of the game can be present in memory
The game must be developed in a cross-platform approach and based off the Android version of their current game.
# What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
Whenever developing the documentation for Draw It or Lose It, one of the things I did particular well was comparing the different operating platforms needed for the gaming development of the application for platforms other than Android. Knowing the advantages and disadvantages of using one operating platforms such as Windows over MacOS was an effective way to weigh in all options before giving a final recommendation on which operating platform to implement the cross-platform application in. In addition, adding the current and previous working version of the documentation when completing different parts of the documentation was a good way to keep track of what changes were made. 
# What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
One of the main benefits of working through a design document is to look over at a high level, where there might be pain points when developing an application as well as seeing the itersection of relationship between classes when it comes to the actual implementation of the application. Additionally, having a design document available can be of benefit as it can serve as a blueprint whenever it comes to the implementation of the application. Also, it demonstrates the different ways in which different objects are being used within the classes. 
# If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
One of the parts from the document that I would choose to revise would be the Executive summary section of the document. The main reason being that I would like to add additional information in regards to the background of the client. In addition, I would also like to add additional design constraints to the design of the application as there could have been some missed out within the document. 
# How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
One of The Gaming Room's needs was to have a single instance of the game running in memory at a time. To execute such a task, we decided to include the Sinlgeton pattern into the GameService class so there could only be one single instance of the game in memory. It is crucial to include the user's needs when designing because it can be a way to ensure that the application is inclusive of everyone and not just one single audience. 
# How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
When it comes to designing software, one of the main components to keep in mind is what the application is trying to achieve and how can it implemented in a cost and security effective way that can be safe for both the user and the client. One of the techniques that I would use in the future to analyze and designa similar software application is to comprehend the expectations, start with wireframing or mockups, prototyping the application, and then implmenting it. As a final step, it is also good to include the user feedback into the design to be inclusive of everyone. 
